Company logo for, Starbucks.
Starbucks


software engineer sr - ST; Seattle, WA 

Seattle, WA · Reposted 3 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

$127K/yr - $211K/yr
On-site
Full-time
Apply

Save
Determine your fit and how to stand out
Show match details

Tailor my resume

Create cover letter

Help me stand out


People you can reach out to


Adam and others in your network

Show all
About the job
Now Brewing – Engineer (Senior+)! #tobeapartner

From the beginning, Starbucks set out to be a different kind of company. One that not only celebrated coffee and rich tradition, but also created a sense of connection. We are known for developing extraordinary leaders who share this passion and are guided by their service to others.

As a senior or lead Engineer, you’ll play a critical role in delivering high-quality, reliable, and secure technology that enables teams across Starbucks to build, release, and operate software with confidence. This advanced role focuses on owning complex engineering capabilities end-to-end—partnering across business and technology teams to improve reliability, scalability, and operational excellence.

As an Engineer, you will…

Design and operate reliable systems at scale by implementing high-availability solutions, service monitoring, deep telemetry, and automation to ensure performance, resiliency, and continuous availability. 
Enable strong engineering delivery by supporting development teams, resolving complex technical and developer issues, and engineering robust build and release processes. 
Ensure security and compliance by design through stable, secure application and infrastructure solutions, maintaining hardened configurations and baselines, and upholding company policies and regulatory requirements. 
Influence technical direction and standards by researching and recommending tools, platforms, and best practices, and partnering across teams and vendors to improve outcomes. 

We’d Love To Hear From People With

4–10 years of professional experience in software development or systems engineering 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field 
Preferred programming languages: one or more of Python, Java, Go, C/C++, Ruby, or Perl (especially for automation, tooling, and systems work) 

As a Starbucks partner, you (and your family) will have access to medical, dental, vision, basic and supplemental life insurance, and other voluntary insurance benefits. Partners have access to short-term and long-term disability, paid parental leave, family expansion reimbursement, paid vacation from date of hire*, sick time (accrued at 1 hour for every 25 hours worked), eight paid holidays, and two personal days per year. Starbucks also offers eligible partners participation in a 401(k) retirement plan with employer match, a discounted company stock program (S.I.P.), Starbucks equity program (Bean Stock), incentivized emergency savings, and financial well-being tools. Additionally, Starbucks offers 100% upfront tuition coverage for a first-time bachelor’s degree through Arizona State University’s online program via the Starbucks College Achievement Plan, student loan management resources, and access to other educational opportunities. You will also have access to backup care and DACA reimbursement. Starbucks will comply with any applicable state and local laws regarding employee leave benefits, including, but not limited to providing time off pursuant to the Colorado Healthy Families and Workplaces Act, and in accordance with its plans and policies. This list is subject to change depending on collective bargaining in locations where partners have a certified bargaining representative. For additional information regarding partner perks and more detailed information about benefits, go to starbucksbenefits.com.

If you are working in CA, CO, IL, LA, ME, MA, NE, ND or RI, you will accrue vacation up to a maximum of 120 hours (190 in CA) for roles below director and 200 hours (316 in CA) for roles at director or above. For roles in other states, you will be granted vacation time starting at 120 hours annually for roles below director and 200 hours annually for roles director and above.

The actual base pay offered to the successful candidate will be based on multiple factors, including but not limited to job-related knowledge and skills, experience, geographical location, and internal equity. At Starbucks, it is not typical for an individual to be hired at the high end of the range for their role.

We believe we do our best work when we’re together, which is why we’re onsite four days a week.

Join us and inspire with every cup. Apply today!

Starbucks Coffee Company is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with all federal, state, and local ordinances. Starbucks Coffee Company is committed to offering reasonable accommodations to job applicants with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact applicantaccommodation or 1(888) 611-2258.


Benefits found in job po